Just like a rainy day, hiding the light
Behind that strange smile wiped on my face
is a truth we leave encased.
Past 8:00 again, your "sunny day"
That world's hiding so much to it's core
But here, what are you looking for?
"Between all our starts all the way to the end,
(These) connections so crucial, they make you."
From "ribbons" to truths to the stories you tell--
I just want to keep what's sincere.
(clockwork painted skies,)
(ribbons of the world I see.)
(please now, no more lies.)
(...here until the end of time.)
[solem et lunam, grisei coloris]
Endlessly, a storm of fainted hues--
I stay here wondering if I'll construe my words to you.
The gears of the world, forever spinning skies,
"To reminisce" will always be in my own eyes.